Here is what is proposed for the early phases:

1.  Introduce Silo And Barn.

for this, will be completed when i create a project where it shows all the items.
the only 2 choices i have is to look in the barn or look into the silo.
this means when importing from a database, must include enough items that i can see them.
and make sure they have the proper categories.
involves redoing the inventory system.

2.  Introduce Coin
this is the first time we will have something that does not go into the barn or silo.

will give myself some coin at this stage.
will work when i go into the game and can see i actually have coin.
can't do anything with it.
just prove i actually have coin

3.  allow a person to get more coin.
this means you can persist it
the beginnings of getting rewards.
this time, you get more coins just by clicking the button.
to prove it works.

4.  growing crops go into the silo successfully.
only crops alone this time.

5.  make sure that animal items goes into the barn successfully.

6.  this is the first cross cutting phase.
this time, needs to show me allowing to do anything in the game.
but make sure that that silo items goes into the silo and barn items goes into the barn

7.  show limits.
this time, don't enforce them.  just via ui.

8.  increase limits.
this time, whatever coin i give myself, i am able to increase the limits.
once the coins are gone, can't do anymore.

9.  allowing to throw away items.
should be able to do at any tie.
at this point, won't quite enforce the limits.
but allow a person to throw away items.
for this phase, i propose a person starting out with enough that i can easily test with.


10.  enforce silo limits. (no increases this time) (well see)
this time, can only do crops (so if i cannot pick up from crops, decide what to do).
try trees too here

11.  enforce barn limits. (no incrases this time) (well see).
start with animals.
this time, can only do with animals.
may do mini phases then.

12.  bring back quests (has to be simple quests).
completing a quest will earn you coin (don't worry about balance yet)

13.  allow upgrades of barns and silos from completing the simple quests

14.  complete the early stages.
no balance needed.
what would happen is i have to complete some quests (can have fast timers).
must obey the silo and barn limits.
i earn coin from completing quests.
i use the coin to upgrade the barn and silos.


once this is completed, then everything having to do with barns and silos are completed.
